Add note to cloud shell quickstart page about case sensitivity (#12638)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/cloud-quickstart/qs-connect.md

    Enter your DB password:
    ```

> {{< note title="Careful of case sensitivity when creating roles" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note title="YSQL and case sensitivity" >}}
```

> YSQL follows the SQL standard of converting to lowercase by default. This can be confusing when creating new roles with mixed capitalization and not being able to sign into the database. To create a database user with capital letters, use quotes around the name, like `CREATE ROLE "Alice"`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like SQL, YSQL is case-insensitive. When specifying an identifier, such as the name of a table or role, YSQL automatically converts the identifier to lowercase. For example, `CREATE ROLE Alice` creates the role "alice". To use a case-sensitive name for an identifier, enclose the name in quotes. For example, to create the role "Alice", use `CREATE ROLE "Alice"`.
```
